incubator: add description for "PingCAP Incubator Program" (#100)
pingcap/community: incubator/mentor-charter.md

# Mentor Charter

> In the PingCAP Incubator Program, mentors are expected to assist through the incubation process. Please refer [Responsiblities and obligations](#resonsibilities-and-obligations) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the PingCAP Incubator Program, mentors are expected to assist through the incubation process. Refer to [Responsiblities and obligations](#resonsibilities-and-obligations) for more details.
```

     
   - Enrich Experience
     - Valuable experience to incubate excellent open source programs
     - Boost career development
     - Endorsement of personal abilities

   - Rights of Devision
     - Involved by making suggestions and opinions
     - Help implementation and test planning
     - Result verification

2. Enterpise Benefits:
   - Exposure:
     - As a supportive company behind excellent open source projects
   - High Quality Developer:
     - Connect and attract resources through joint incubation projects
   - Open Source Spirit:
     - Reflect the open source spirit of enterprise 
   - Technical Strength:
     - Demonstrate the technical strength of the company

**Responsiblity and Obligations**

- Guide the program continuously, and provide reasonable advice and suggestions on the direction and progress of the program
- Make sure to attend important meetings about the incubation process. If you are unable to attend due to the incident, you need to read meeting notes and know the progress of the project including:
  - Progress meeting
  - Interim report
  - Final report

- Assist to complete and check the progress of program 

**Withdraw**

> The rights to guide a program would be withdrawn if the mentor did not fulfill the responsibilities or requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mentor is a voluntary role in the incubator program. If for some reasons a mentor cannot fulfill the responsibilities and requirements as described above, he/she can withdraw voluntarily by informing the PMC.   
```
